I don't know how one could be more
anti-Christ than sharing with you a
prophecy that was claimed to justify the
creation of a Jesus Christ when it in
fact shows that there was no such
individual and that the one making the
prophecy that is now available for us
in Daniel nine,
twenty-six and twenty-seven,
or twenty-five and twenty-six,
I suppose it is,
was none other than Gabriel.
And contrary to what is claimed foolishly
in the Christian New Testament,
Gabriel is not an angel.
The text, even in Daniel,
says that he's a man.
And gabar El means strong and courageous,
capable man of God.
A gabar is a man.
Read your Hebrew.
It's not complicated.
So the Christian New Testament lied when
it said that Gabriel informed Mary that
she was going to have a baby boy.
No, that did not happen.
And the boy that was born to us,
the son who was given to us,
is Dowd.
Read Isaiah nine in context.
It even says it's Dowd.
And Miriam just so happens to be the
nastiest name in all of Hebrew.
It means contentious and rebellious name.
She was the one who, as Moshe's sister,
was struck by leprosy because she did
exactly what the authors of the Christian
New Testament did,
claim that they spoke for God when they
were not authorized to do so.
And as Gabriel,
there is only one man that Yahowah
associates repetitively the concept of
Gabor, and that is his beloved son,
our king.
the actual messiah Dowd and so with this
realization that is undeniable we have the
messiah speaking about his arrival as the
messiah and the messiah is Dowd negating
any possibility of there being a Jesus
Christ how's that for anti-Christ and then
on top of all of that
Dowd validated the realization that what
he was saying was prophetic because he
provided the exact date in five fifty five
BCE when he was visiting with Daniel to
record this prophecy,
when he would return in his second of
three lives to fulfill Chag Matsah,
providing that date is April ninth.
which is the concluding date of Chag
Matsah.
And that alone,
it not only validates the prophecy,
but even more than that.
It tells you that he was there to
fulfill Chag Matsah,
something that Christians don't even
acknowledge.
They had their mythical God-man taking a
nap in the tomb on the Saturday when
the Shabbat was devoted.
The most difficult work of all,
carrying our guilt and depositing it in
Sheowl,
which is something that David not only
did, but told us about.
How's that for Antichrist?
Well,
that's not the end of the prophecy because
there is more,
and we're going to continue with the
narrative that Gabriel, who is Dowd,
provided through Daniel for our benefit,
two thousand six hundred years ago.
And when we do,
we find ourselves jumping ahead now in
time, well,
to the destruction of Dowd City.
And then, yeah, it was temple.
But to appreciate this in context,
This is what we last considered.
Therefore know, being aware of Yada,
recognizing so as to gain the insights to
think about and understand that from the
going forth of the word to return and
restore rebuilding Jerusalem until the
restoring testimony and eternal witness.
of the son of the sovereign who is
conspicuously making this known and who is
providing the leadership and counsel of
the Messiah, the anointed Messiah,
the Mashiach.
There are seven sevens and thus seven
promises and fulfilled vows.
Therefore, in sixty two weeks.
She shall be restored and rebuilt to
reestablish and fortify the way to grow
and expand by being diligent and decisive
in a troubled time of oppression.
Then after the sixty-two weeks,
the anointed Messiah, Mashiach,
will be cut off and separated to create
the covenant, being banished,
but not for himself.
That was Daniel speaking.
nine, twenty-five, and twenty-six,
at least in part.
Therefore, as we have deduced,
this was addressing the Mashiach Dowd,
fulfillment of Chag Matsah,
between April second and April ninth in
thirty-three CE,
which just so happened to be the eightieth
Yobel year of four thousand YAH.
But then,
recognizing his people would reject
what he would achieve and even replace him
in one breath to the next we find
ourselves dealing with the consequence in
seventy ce with the beast of rome
destroying the city and Yahowah's temple
then
The city, Ha'ir,
the largest population center of the
set-apart people and the sanctuary,
those who are separated and distinct,
uncommon and devoted and therefore not
religious,
in the most set-apart place and therefore
in Jerusalem, will be corrupted.
They're going to be ravaged.
They'll be destroyed.
They're going to be ruined and rendered
useless, annihilated and razed.
Hiffle, imperfect, third person,
masculine, singular.
As a matter of history,
we know that the Ebonim were the ones
who both recognized Dowd and documented
what he said at this time.
Providing us with the Sermon on the Mount
and the Olivet Discourse,
although they're wrongly attributed to the
mythical Jesus when they were both spoken
by Dowd.
Unfortunately, for telling us the truth,
they were hunted down and killed by the
rabbis who were haunted by their message
and by the emerging devotees also of Paul.
And with the inhabitants of Jerusalem
rejecting the city's founder and favorite
son, God's son, Dowd,
Yahowah would abandon them,
leaving them to be mauled by the beast
of Rome and then the Roman Catholic
Church.
There was no longer any connection to the
temple, the city, or the people.
They were now irritating and
counterproductive,
and so the people were ravaged,
and the temple was destroyed exactly as
Gabriel Dowd had foretold.
Fortunately,
this deplorable state of affairs will
change,
even though to witness this
transformation,
we must leap ahead forty yobel rather than
just forty years.
And Dowd was aware that his father would
empower the aforementioned yada,
known here as Makael,
the one who is right about God,
to make a difference.
People of the extended family, Am,
of the one who will come and then
return,
is the son of the sovereign and prince
of the king who is conspicuously making
this known and who is providing the
leadership and counsel.
Neged of the one who has officially
attained the status of being properly
appointed and who has expounded upon
announced and proclaimed this message.
And he in the end at the far
limits of time
He will be hacked to death.
He's going to be cut into pieces.
He will complete his purpose by being
chopped up.
It is from katzatz,
hewn into pieces in an overwhelming manner
and along with a torrent of water to
purge and to wash away.
Shetef.
during this intense outpouring that will
be inundating, scouring, rinsing,
while also engulfing and sweeping away
from shut off to rinse and wash.
As the restoring witness delivering the
eternal testimony at the conclusion of
this period by being cut down and hacked
to pieces, Kutz,
These battle lines have been drawn.
The war is determined and the fight is
decreed.
This crushing conflict and struggle
against the adversary is decided upon and
it is assured such that it is devastating
and desolating.
It's appalling and horrifying.
This is the conclusion of my means to
decide Daniel nine, twenty six.
And I can assure you that you've never
heard it presented this way previously.
It is always assumed that the first Negev
is the Messiah when it cannot be because
of the fact that he is not a
prince.
And he's king.
And the second one is thought to be
the Antichrist fellow that is in
opposition to the Messiah.
But that would be awkward since it's used,
therefore,
to speak of two different people,
one sentence to the next inside of the
same verse.
Pretty awkward, huh?
and it Dowdsn't allow us to render the
rest of the words as they are actually
defined.
Now,
to get to the position where you can
translate this accurately and convey it
through its correct intent requires a
level of study that is beyond what anyone
else has attempted.
To do this, to be completely focused
on the Torah wa nabi for twenty-four
years, seven days a week, ten, twelve,
fourteen hours a day,
looking at the oldest extant manuscripts,
stripping every word of its diacritical
markings so that the truth could be known,
and even then with the aid of the
seven spirits of Yahowah.
to deduce what I have just shared with
you.
Now,
I understand that this rendering is
completely different than what religious
publications have promoted,
but what they have projected just isn't
rational.
They would have you believe that the
Negev,
son of the sovereign and prince of the
king,
who is conspicuously making this known as
Yada,
is the mashiach in one breath but then
represents the antichrist in the next that
simply isn't reasonable and you know it
you just don't want to deal with it
if you're religious
Therefore,
after telling his people that he would be
cut off from the living to enable the
covenant in thirty three C.E.,
Dowd is revealing that the consequence of
his people rejecting what he would
accomplish and counterfeiting him
would be that within forty years they
would be cut down and the temple torn
down.
This prognostication was nearly as
profound as acknowledging and then dating
the fulfillment of Chag Matsah because it
was done six hundred years in advance.
It was then,
after discussing the events of the first
century CE,
that Dowd took us forty yobel ahead in
time.
to win the people of the Negev,
the son of the sovereign,
who would be greeted by the Negev,
prince of the king,
with Negev serving to identify Gabriel
Dowd and Michael Hiara.
We are both prolific in Negev,
making all of this known through our
council by expounding on this
announcement.
In fact,
you'll see both of us throughout this
prophetic revelation.
While both will bow, arrive and return,
cats in the end,
it is only odd the restoring witness who
will be cats,
who will be hacked to death at this
time.
Yetta will serve as the Adam of Parah,
the bloody red man of the earth,
this productive bull by fulfilling Yom
Taruwah,
The day of the Herald,
Locates was used twice to convey that the
sacrifice at the conclusion of the time of
trouble will be devastating.
He will be cut up, while Dowd,
by comparison, was simply cut off.
I should not say simply.
He went into Sheowl hell to rid us
of our guilt.
But Itziata, who is cut up,
It's Dowd who was cut off.
Therefore,
while Gabriel's soul would endure and
enter Satan's eternal habitat,
two thousand years thereafter,
the corporeal manifestation of ha Satan,
the adversary,
will slice the Bashar body of Dowd's Negev
to pieces.
Prior to ha Satan being sent to Sheowl
forevermore,
the
parallel between these things.
For Dowd to be separated in the layer
of Satan, Sheowl, and for his Bashar,
this Adamah Parah,
to be hacked to death by Satan prior
to him being dispatched to Sheowl is poetic
in a way, isn't it?
I came into this presentation having,
completed my translation and commentary on
the Thirty-Fourth Mizmowr.
You'd say, so what?
Well,
the Thirty-Fourth Mizmowr concludes by
speaking of the death of the shepherd and
calling it brutal.
And it presents the sacrifice that Jesus,
are made both by Dowd,
as he fulfilled Pisach and Matsah,
and of Yada, his Bashar Herald,
as he fulfills Taruwah,
the Day of the Herald.
As being gruesome,
but when addressing what will be, what I,
as the Adamah Parah, will endure,
There is the misconception that the
negation was on bones or on one to
suggest that not one of his bones will
be broken.
But that's not how the text that you
don't write actually reads.
It says of his bones.
Only one will not be broken.
And that is to say that while Dowd
endured the enormous pressure,
crushing nature of Sheowl,
which is a black hole,
his herald will be crushed almost in
supernatural fashion by Satan.
Only one bone.
will be intact.
That's very similar to what we just read
here, isn't it?
Over and over again,
with God describing the gruesomeness of
this scene.
And if you're squeamish,
going back to those who would prefer those
with God to be humble and meek,
then this is tough for you to swallow,
but I want you to think it through.
Dowd describes the treatment he received
at the hands of the beast of Rome
in the twenty second .
And he describes being whipped to death by
Mizmowr
the Roman metal tipped whip such that his
body no longer looks human.
His flesh sinew is just ripped off.
He's like a bloody grub.
And then he would endure the most
excruciating form of torture that anyone
has ever devised, crucifixion.
And that was the easy part because his
soul went on to carry our guilt into
Sheowl to deposit it there,
which really pisses me off.
And God, not that Dowd did it,
but that the vast majority of people,
including Jews, have negated it.
And they created a goddamn myth in this
Jesus Christ and credited him with doing
the very things that Dowd had done for
us after enduring that level of torment
and torture.
to credit a counterfeit.
If you're a Christian,
you should be ashamed of yourselves to
have done that to God,
to have done that to his beloved son.
It is repulsive.
You're even so disgusting that you turned
your God into a man.
And even worse than that,
you claim that men can kill your God.
And as if you can't think,
you have the solution being bodily
resurrection,
not knowing that the body is worthless.
And every aspect of your religion is
nothing but a complete and utter fraud,
and it's a fraud over this.
And I digress.
What Dowd endured was horrific.
And Yada, as the restoring witness,
as this Naga,
must endure something that is similar.
And it will be gruesome.
Why?
To get your attention.
So that you know that the guilt that
was removed from you,
your religious stench,
the stain of your religiosity,
comes at a great cost.
And that an enormous penalty was paid to
remove it from you.
You need to know the price that was
paid and that will be paid.
And this is all very personal because Dowd
is my king and I'm the one who
endured that final torment.
You want to mock it?
Do so vocally and you will end up
where ha Satan himself is going.
You don't want to capitalize upon it.
That is your choice.
One less stripe I have to endure.
But go away quietly.
It's going to be gruesome.
Because it has to garner the remnant's
attention.
It is the Adamah Perah.
This is the remedy for the adulterous
woman.
This is the purpose of the Torah's
narrative about the bull and the role that
a man cast as a bull will play
in the last days.
There are thousands of prophecies
pertaining to this.
It's amazing that people have missed it,
but they missed this one too, didn't they?
Well,
For everyone, actually, this is good news,
even for the one that endures it.
Because he is somebody who is,
by necessity,
has to have camaraderie with the king.
And when you realize that the king has
earned our respect by enduring crucifixion
on Pesach and going into hell on Matsah,
It takes a lot to stand in his
company.
And that is precisely what this Bashar
Herald must do.
And he must also earn the people's respect
because under Dowd, he will guide them.
He is Dowd's official.
He is the lesser luminary to the greater
luminary just as the moon reflects the
sun's light.
So it is good news.
It is germane to Dowd's story as our
savior in XXXIII CE,
transpiring as it will again in XXXXIII
when his herald will endure this.
It is the result of ,
an overpowering torment of water that will
be released beneath the sacrifice of the ,
who has served as the ad restoring
witness.
That mortal remnant of Yisrael will be
pesha', purged of their religious guilt.
I am very far behind in this program
now,
sharing with you what I have learned in
my translations over the last month.
And I bring this to your attention because
I was attacked by members of the Mother
Goddess cult.
based upon two things.
One is this myth that God wants people
to be timid and humble in his presence,
as opposed to bold,
which is his preference.
And that the Torah should be disregarded
when it says in the twelfth chapter of
Dabarym that you can eat whatever you
want.
And so I went back to that
passage turned out to be a prophecy,
spoke out against the mother goddesses,
which I've shared with you previously.
But it goes on much further than that,
as it talks about the collaboration
between the ram and the bull on this
day and what we will accomplish together.
But in specifics,
By having this body of the bull,
this is a man in the guise of
a bull in the sense of the bull
is symbolic, the man is real,
being lacerated in this way,
what you can be assured of is there'll
be copious amounts of blood
And what you find is that Dabarym,
Deuteronomy twelve,
and its depiction of you being liberated
to eat whatever you want,
focuses far more on blood.
And why we should not drink it because
of the symbol that it represents when it
is soaked into the very earth of the
Temple Mount and
on the altar that God will have provided
for this sacrifice.
And then the copious amounts of water are
released to bring that mixture of ash when
the body is cremated by God's doing.
And the waters are released off the Temple
Mount and the blood and the ash are
mixed together to purge the religious
corruption of the adulterous woman so that
she is prepared
to meet Dowd upon his return,
that what we find in Dabarym,
Deuteronomy twelve,
is the story of that blood.
And then in the thirty-fourth Mizmowr,
we find the story of him being mauled
and crushed.
And of course,
this all makes it possible for the blood
of the bull to be available
fore Dowd to anoint the mercy seat of the
Ark of the Covenant on Kipurym ten days
later.
But this is how.
That final remnant of Yisrael is purged of
the religious guilt and it comes at a
gruesome price.
The guilt will be washed away,
and as a result,
the adulterous woman that has been the
religious whore of Israel will be prepared
for her betrothal to her returning king.
Then again, at this time,
will be the best man standing beside the
Mashiach Dowd.
Well,
now that Gabriel has explained the who,
the where, the when, the why,
and everything,
All of the insights has been provided
regarding the fulfillment of Chag Matz in
XXXIII CE to deliver the benefits of the
covenant and has explained the means that
the restoring witness will use to
facilitate the return of his people in
purging the final remnant of their
religiosity prior to Dowd's arrival.
And this being the conclusion of the time
of troubles.
Dowd directs our attention to the
commencement of these events.
Honor before Shabuwah of twenty twenty
seven.
The Torahless one will do to Israel what
he will do to the Adam of Parah,
dissecting the nation to make it
indefensible.
I actually think that this will occur on
or before the Shabuwah in twenty twenty
six, which would be May twenty second.
And that on the Shavuot in twenty twenty
seven, which is June eleventh,
we will experience the harvest.
And therefore.
He is an exceedingly influential person.
We'll vault himself into prominence by
arrogantly confirming and opposing the
bar, he will strengthen and empower,
then triumph by imposing a self
aggrandizing and overbearing treaty.
a covenant, an agreement, an arrangement,
a bereth,
an international contractual compact and
binding pledge with a great many,
including plenty of rabbis.
Ha, Allah, ha, Rabbim.
The preponderance of people,
especially the elitists, for one week,
based upon a single promise during a
particular Shabuwah.
Daniel, nine, twenty-seven in part.
Satan's advocate,
whom we know as the copper confabulator,
demonic Donald,
is the great betrayer of Israel.
He is today's Neville Chamberlain.
and will be sacrificing Israel to appease
the Muslims who have bribed him and repay
MBS of Saudi Arabia and Al Thani of
Qatar.
This will occur on or before Shabuwah in
twenty twenty six for there to be a.
Full week.
Of years prior to the resolution in
advance of Shabuwah.
on the eleventh of June,
twenty twenty seven.
So we're speaking of the Shabuwah on the
twenty second of May twenty twenty six.
It is the Shabuwah on the eleventh of
June in twenty twenty seven that coincides
with the two thousand three hundred day
period.
That corresponds with the time of Israel's
troubles, the worst of them.
This is an interesting conundrum that I
want to mention but not to resolve because
I think these options were intended.
We should be prepared for the
dismemberment of Israel as soon as Shabuwah
and May, and no later than Shabuwah.
on the eleventh of June.
We should work such that if the Shabuwah
harvest, the Katsir,
occurs on May twenty-second next year,
we will have done all we could to
make it as productive as possible,
while also prepared to capitalize on the
extension of time if it is afforded to
us, which I think it will be.
If the harvest occurs on the twenty-second
of May twenty-twenty-six Israel will have
already been dissected and the two
thousand three hundred day warning will
apply to the carnage of Al-Asqa Flood two
point O beginning in June on the following
Shabuwah.
This way it's a full seven years of
grief during the time of trouble and two
thousand three hundred days of Holocaust
conditions.
And under these situations,
the cat sear for the covenant family could
transpire on either date,
but I'd rather continue to address the
possibilities accompanying the earlier
timeframe while setting expectations on
the Shabbat of the eleventh of June,
twenty twenty seven,
because no one is disappointed if we are
taken home earlier than expected,
but many would lose their confidence if
shaken.
If it did not happen and they did
not reach this potential as of May,
twenty second, twenty twenty six.
So this prognostication regarding the
divestiture of Israel for an Islamic state
was originally presented in Yashaya Isaiah
in the seventeenth chapter.
Isaiah was revealed right around seven
twenty five.
BCE and this discussion between Gabriel
Dowd and Daniel was in five fifty five
BCE.
So you can see one preceded the other.
In Isaiah,
the timing of the divestiture of Israel
and the land was coterminous with Shabuwah.
And then in the eighteenth chapter,
we're afforded over seventy indications
that the nation and individual responsible
for the betrayal of Israel will be America
and Donald Trump.
The characteristics collectively were far
more
more than sufficient to demonstrate that
the perpetrator imposing the treaty that
initiates Israel's great suffering is no
other than the President of the United
States, Donald J. Trump,
which explains why he is acting so
devilishly,
why he has such a difficult time with
his perverted sexuality,
why he is so dishonest,
why he is so mean-spirited.
Wow.
He is a confabulator.
He's demon possessed.
And it's obvious.
And the prophets forewarned us about this.
Well,
we have discovered here in Daniel that
this warmongering egomaniac in pursuit of
his Nobel priest prize will have ten
political cohorts championing Israel's
demise.
We have always known that when it comes
down to a vote in the United Nations,
fewer than ten of nearly two hundred
nations will support Israel.
When given the opportunity to stand with
Israel against the onslaught of Islamic
terror and Marxist propaganda,
ninety percent are going to make the wrong
call.
In my mind,
the only remaining question is whether
Israel has been so weakened by its
counterproductive prosecution of the war
in Gaza and subsequent world condemnation
that it will be forced into retreating to
her nineteen sixty seven borders or
whether the world has just capitulated to
the threat of Muslims and the bribes of
Muslims.
and that some other arrangement will be
worked out.
But we are told without question that the
majority of the world is going to support
what's being done to Israel and that
Israel will become indefensible because
she has narrowed at the waist.
And if you look at the area between
Jerusalem and Tel Aviv,
that's where seventy percent of Jews live.
And it's a very narrow place.
And as we know,
Muslims have schemed to destroy Israel
since Islam was invented.
With Israel defenseless and vulnerable,
free Palestine will rapidly evolve to a
final and horrifying battle to annihilate
the Jewish people.
This is Satan's last ditch effort to
forestall those homecoming on Yom Kippur
and by obliterating Israel.
Ezekiel's twenty-five ways to kill Jews
will be in full effect.
And with no one to turn to for
support, the carnage will be catastrophic.
Worse than the Holocaust.
If not for Yada's and Elia's support and
Yahowah's intervention before Dowd's return,
quite frankly,
all would be lost and God says as
much.
Now,
since the monster behind this madness is a
demon-possessed Trump,
I checked to learn the Scottish, Gaelic,
Celtic origins of his name.
Donald is from Domhnall,
which is a compound of two Celtic terms,
Dubno, D-U-B-N-O, meaning world,
and wallow.
which is supreme ruler,
such that Donald conveys supreme ruler of
the world.
As the Antichrist's last name, Trump,
is a verb meaning to surpass by defeating.
But as a Germanic noun in recognition of
his father's nationality,
a Trump is a trumpet.
Now this may somehow infer that the target
of Satan's rage will be associated with
Taruwah,
which is the day that Dowd's Herald,
the ultimate manifestation of Taruwah,
will be mauled by Satan.
This is when the showdown occurs.
This is the day that Satan has been
shooting for now.
for six thousand years.
So now that Gabriel has shared insights
regarding the beginning and end of the
final week of years leading to his return,
he splits the difference and reminds us
that something else will occur halfway
between these events, he tells us,
but halfway through from Shabuwah
He will forestall the benefits of the
sacrifice which had been freely offered as
a gift.
The most extreme aspect of this vile and
abhorrent action of repulsive religious
idolatry will devastate, desolate,
and incapacitate.
But in the end,
the restoring witness will finish,
determined to fulfill and accomplish the
mission,
even to the point of complete
annihilation.
This has been determined and decreed,
spoken about and pronounced,
even to the point of mutilation.
This maiming by bludgeoning has been
decided upon and is the result of
exercising good judgment to be poured out
as a form of payment brought forth in
liquid fashion on those who were deserted
and devastated and who have been ravaged.
Daniel nine, twenty seven.
This is the conclusion of it.
Well,
this is an interesting confluence of
events for sure.
By co-calcating Passover with Easter and
Ashura Day for Christian and Islamic
consumption,
then disassociating the intent from Matsah
when Dowd's soul was cut off from the
living to carry our guilt into Sheowl,
the devil's advocate will have negated
The value of Pesach.
Therefore,
to resolve this abhorrent crime,
which incapacitates God's people,
we are told that the restoring witness
will fulfill his calling,
such that as the Adamah Parah,
he will let the adversary annihilate him.
Now long ago,
this is what Gabriel and Michael
determined in consultation with Yahowah.
It is what is decreed and spoken about
throughout the prophets.
By mutual consent,
the decision has been made for the Negev,
the king's prince,
to allow Satan to mutilate his soon-to-be
discarded body by bludgeoning him to death
on Taruwah.
And in this way,
God will pour out the means to rejuvenate
the mortal remnant who have been
devastated by the whores endured during
the time of trouble.
Formerly known as the adulterous woman,
the religious whore of Israel will be
cleansed for the family reunion and the
upcoming wedding.
All those sought to achieve will be known
and appreciated.
And on that happy note,
Of course,
we conclude the ninth chapter of Daniel.
It will have been Satan's last hurrah.
Religion will be no more,
relegated to Sheowl with its author and its
inspiration, along with Trump himself.
As we have discovered when reviewing the
adversary's playbook and Ezekiel,
for Satan to have prevailed in this quest
to rise above Dowd and Yisrael,
he must negate what our Messiah and King
have achieved.
because they forestall his return.
Fortunately, Satan's influence with Paul,
Luke, Mark, and Peter,
and the creation of the New Testament
leading to the abusive nature of Imperial
Rome and Roman Catholicism,
Rabbi Akiba and the institutionalizing of
rabbinic Judaism to lead Jews away from
Yah, and then Muhammad,
through whom the devil became Allah and
ushered in unmitigated anti-Semitism
through Allah will finally have lost its
sting.
However,
he will have come exceedingly close to
prevailing.
But in the end,
there will be Jews to reconcile.
And that is why this story has a
happy ending.
Thank you for listening.